*Q1 what is software?what is sofrware engineering?
ans- Software is intruction that tell a people what to do. Software engineering is 
discipline concerned about with application of theory knowlwdge and practice to 
reliable software system for user or costomer.
*Q2 Explain types of software?
types of software is:
1.application software:application software is a computer software package that 
performs a specific function  for user.
for example:Microsoft office,paint,powerpoint etc.
2.system software:system software is designed to run a computer's application 
programs.it coordinates activities and function of hardware and software.
for example:os,notepad etc.
3.driver software:driver software is also known as device driver.device drivers 
control the devices and peripherals connected to the computer, enabling them to 
perform their specific tasks.every device that is connected to a computer needs at
least one device driver to function.
for example:audio driver,video driver.
4.middleware:The term middleware describes software that mediates between application
and system software or between two different kids of application software.
middleware enables Microsoft windows to talk to Excel and Word.
for example:database middleware application server middleware.
5.programming software:this software use by programmer to write the code. it include
assemblers, compilers,debuggers and interpreters.
for example:Turbo c,Eclipse,Sublime etc.
*Q3 what is SDLC? example each phase of SDLC. 
The software development lifecycle is the cost effctive and time efficient process 
that development teams to design and build high quality software meets costomer's 
expectatioins and demands.
*Q4 what is DFD? Create a DFD diagram on flipcart.
A deta flow diagram is a graphical view of how data is processed in a system in 
terms of input and output.
Data flow diagram (DFD) is a diagram being used frequently in software desine.
It is visually represents the flow of data throughout processes in a given system.
*Q5 what is flowchart? create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers.
A diagram that shows that connections between different stages of a process or parts
of a system.
*Q6 What is Use case Diagram? Create a use-case on bill payment on paytm.
Use-case diagram describe the high level function and scope of a system.
These diagrams also identify the interactions between the system and its actors.
The use cases and actors in use-case diagram describe what the system
does and how the actors use it, but not how the system operates internally.     





 
